Create ui-c8y-1023-68-7-hide-expand-tree-node-toggle-column-from-configure-columns-dropdown.md (#4560)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/ui-c8y-1023-68-7-hide-expand-tree-node-toggle-column-from-configure-columns-dropdown.md

---
date: ""

> title: Remove "Detail toggle" and "Tree node toggle" from **Configure columns** dropdown

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Removed internal options from column configuration dropdown
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: DM-5934
version: 1023.68.7
---

> Previously, two technical settings - Detail toggle and Tree node toggle - were visible within the column configuration menu. These options were intended for internal system logic rather than end-user customization. These options have been removed from the display to prevent confusion and accidental layout changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the device parameter list, two technical settings - "Detail toggle" and "Tree node toggle" - were visible within the column configuration dropdown, which were intended for internal system logic rather than end-user customization. These options have been removed from the display to prevent confusion and accidental layout changes.
```

---
date: ""

> title: Hide expand/tree-node toggle column from Configure columns dropdown

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Remove "Detail toggle" and "Tree node toggle" from **Configure columns** dropdown
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: DM-5934
version: 1023.68.7
---
# Backport

This will backport the following commits from `develop` to `release/cd`:
- [fix(Device Management): [DM-5934] Hide expand/tree-node toggle column
from Configure columns
dropdown](https://github.com/Cumulocity-IoT/cumulocity-ui/pull/11745)

<!--- Backport version: 9.5.1 -->

### Questions ?
Please refer to the [Backport tool
documentation](https://github.com/sorenlouv/backport)

[DM-5934]:
https://cumulocity.atlassian.net/browse/DM-5934?atlOrigin=eyJpIjoiNWRkNTljNzYxNjVmNDY3MDlhMDU5Y2ZhYzA5YTRkZjUiLCJwIjoiZ2l0aHViLWNvbS1KU1cifQ

> Co-authored-by: Bozhidar Dedov <95280800+bozhidardedov@users.noreply.github.com>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previously, two technical settings - Detail toggle and Tree node toggle - were visible within the column configuration menu. These options were intended for internal system logic rather than end-user customization. These options have been removed from the display to prevent confusion and accidental layout changes.
```
